>> Jason Rodriguez: So
when you get into more advanced stuff
like that example,
>> Jason Rodriguez: That we saw before,
all of these different elements are,
in this case it would be track boxes
because you're tracking multiple states.
But something like that color switcher or
the size switcher, those are gonna be
radio inputs, because you only want
one of those states checked at a time.
But all of this just uses a more complex
variation of that check box hack.
There's a lot of styling that
goes into something like this.
When you start thinking about fallbacks,
you have to consider what
that experience is because this checkbox
hack isn't gonna work everywhere.
So in that case, you might just have
whatever that product happens to be and
then a CTA button that says go visit it on
the website or check out on the website.
But there's a lot of stuff you can
do just taking that really simple
checkbox hack and
then applying it in creative ways.
Test as much as you possibly can when
you're using something like this.
It doesn't work everywhere, it's usually
Apple Mail or webkit-based email clients.
And just make sure you're thinking
about those fallbacks and
having good experience.
In the case of the example that we were
playing with, the fallback would just
be hiding those labels so that it doesn't
look like there's anything to switch.
And then you can stack those.
I think I have it on
the mobile version here.
So when you get down to mobile,
where just, this will be the fallback for
anything that doesn't
display that interactivity.
We can hide those labels, those inputs,
so that it doesn't look like anything's
clickable, then we just
stack that content.
So all of that content still visible,
still available for
anybody that wants to access it, but
they don't get that nice little
progressive enhancement of that switcher.
Any questions about that?
I feel like it can get really complicated.
I'll try to put up on the GitHub repo
some additional examples of some
of the crazier stuff
that people have done.
We did for the launch of our litmus
builder, our code editor for
email designers.
We built our it was an interactive
product tour of the builder product.
So it had these little kinda glowing
icons, when you tapped on it,
it would pop open a tool tip and
tell you about that feature.
You'd go to the next one,
it was this cool interactive product tour.
But I feel that's a good example of using
this checkbox hack to provide this really
elegant, interesting, and educational
experience for subscribers, yeah?
>> Student: This may not be relevant,
it's more just for curiosity, but
on the example like shopping
cart within the email.
>> Jason Rodriguez: Yep.
>> Student: Do you know if they're just
like constructing a insane set of string
params that then gets sent over the wire?
>> Jason Rodriguez: Yes
that's exactly how it works.
So when you add those
different states then it's,
you're essentially updating that URL and
sending it over as a parameter.
So when you hit your application or
whatever the web app is,
then it'll read that populate the check
out, and you can just finish up there.
So yeah, you can get super complex
with this kinda stuff, but
it's pretty damn cool what people
have been able to come up with.
I was saying earlier too,
you can do some cool things where,
this is where interactive stuff is kinda
where linked CSS might come into play.
So I was saying before, most email clients
will strip out that linked style sheet.
But you can do some cool stuff using
linked style sheets for clients that
support it, like Apple Mail, where you can
have these different interactive states.
And then you can dynamically feed in
content using a linked style sheet.
So in your content here,
this might be an element with a class, and
there's nothing by default
in that element, but
then you can use this CSS content
property and a link style sheet.
So on your server you can inject
whatever the hell you want into that CSS
style sheet, into that content property.
And then when you trigger say an email
then it pulls in, loads that link style
sheet, and that content property fills
out whatever that content happens to be.
There's another guy that does a lot of
interactive stuff named Cyril Gross who
works, I believe he's Swedish,
works over in Sweden for Mayoress,
which is an agency.
And he built a really cool interactive
dynamic advent calendar for
Christmas for I think like
American Express or somebody like that.
So every day they would
update that style sheet and
reveal another grid in
that advent calendar.
When you clicked on an element it would
pop up a modal and have information or
a dealer, something like that.
So crazy stuff you can do inside of email.
But it all hinges on this
checkbox hack which is brilliant.